Eden for our orangutangs I think they
gonna walkie
this place is a protected research area
surrounded by pristine forest and with
all the fruit trees the orangutangs need
to survive and they'll soon be here
swinging through the trees my carrot
hopper
swinging that is beneath the helicopter
[Music]
flying is just another in the long list
of things these orangutan should never
had to deal with but this place is so
remote it's the best way of getting them
in here and freedom is their ultimate
reward
[Music]
the chopper will soon be back with more
orangutangs so it's up to us to carry
these first to the last few meters to
the forest and freedom this end there's
hardly any wait until it's Babel this is
bagging okay it's the mail yeah I read
you some papers under messages I can go
out today I can gather yeah well it's
raining but it'll take more than bad
weather to stop us now the 150 people
who work at the center devote their
lives to the orangutangs
in their care for them putting the
animals back into the wild
is what the hard work and sleepless
nights are all about it's taken a huge
team of people months of planning
lorries cargo planes boats and
helicopters but we're finally ready for
the first release
big laugh
go be a bit careful it's very very
sounds like working
big on
okay
is very good good man keep going
that is beautiful
Oh